While on a routine salvage mission, you encounter an abandoned alien spacecraft
roughly three times the size of your own ship. Upon boarding the vessel, you 
feel a pounding in your head, which gradually worsens as you make your way to 
the bridge, upon entering the bridge, you find that it is empty, except for a 
small terminal in the center. As you approach the terminal, the pain you have 
been feeling since your arrival becomes unbearable. Fortunately, you find some 
momentary relief as six writhing tentacles drag you into a gaping maw that 
opens beneath the terminal.

You awake several hours later sitting in an exceptionally comfortable chair, 
which is made of a material that you cannot identify, despite your best efforts.
Looking more closely, you see that the entire ship is made out of the same 
material. It is a warm gray substance that pulsates slightly when you touch it 
and has a consistency not unlike flesh.  As you rise from your seat, you feel 
something odd brush against your back. You turn around to see that 
six tentacles have become fused to your back. You can feel them pumping an 
unknown fluid into your body.

You hear a voice inside your head say "Please do not touch those. 
They are part of us now."

You prepare to speak but are immediately interrupted. "We were psychically 
linked when I...attached myself to you." As you begin to respond, you hear 
the voice continue, "We don't have much time, so I will try to answer your 
questions as soon as you think of them." There is a brief moment of silence 
before the voice continues. "Yes, that means we can communicate to eachother by
thinking. Yes, I am the 'ship' you came here to salvage. No, you cannot sell me 
to your government under the assumption that they would pay vast sums of money 
for the opportunity to dissect me. You must remember that we are one being now
and anything that happens to me will affect you and vice-versa." 

You spend some time testing out your new body and after about an hour you can 
move freely through space and see things in front of you, as though your eyes 
were connected to the "ship's" sensors. However, you soon grow hungry and, 
Noticing that there is no food on the ship, you wonder how you are supposed to 
feed yourself. You turn towards your now unmanned salvage ship and hear "That 
looks tasty."

Suddenly, an enormous mouth filled with sharp teeth forms on the front of your 
hull. You bite into your old ship, which emits a loud, satisfying *CRUNCH*. It 
tastes metallic-y, but not altogether unpleasant, and you devours it in three 
quick bites, and feel that your hunger has been sated, at least momentarily.
Your body tingles as you feel it shift internally. You feel much faster now.

"We can consume both organic and inorganic materials, but if we eat ships or 
certain lifeforms, we will sometimes adapt new traits that will improve our 
body and enable us to more easily explore the galaxy. When we ate your ship,
our body assimilated its warp drive into itself. Now, we can travel anywhere
that we have already visited."